Here it is — paste this into Replit:

"I need to complete several pre-launch tasks. Please work through these in order:
TASK 1 — Fix Supabase and migrate database
Run this SQL in Supabase to fix the RLS permissions:
CREATE POLICY allow_public_inserts ON characters FOR INSERT TO anon WITH CHECK (true);
CREATE POLICY allow_public_selects ON characters FOR SELECT TO anon USING (true);
Then switch the database connection from Replit's built-in PostgreSQL to Supabase using the SUPABASE_URL and SUPABASE_ANON_KEY environment variables already in Secrets. Migrate the characters table schema to match what we currently have. Test by inserting a test character and confirming it appears in the Supabase dashboard.
TASK 2 — Wire in ElevenLabs voice narration
Using the ELEVENLABS_API_KEY and ELEVENLABS_VOICE_ID already in Secrets — generate narration audio for each scene's text content using the eleven_multilingual_v2 model with stability 0.5 and similarity_boost 0.75.
Combine all 6 scene narration audio files into one continuous track using FFmpeg with appropriate silence padding between scenes to match the 20 second scene duration.
Mix the narration at 100% volume over the background audio already embedded in the background video clips at 25% volume so background music plays softly underneath the narration.
TASK 3 — Set up SendGrid email delivery
Using the SENDGRID_API_KEY environment variable — after each video finishes rendering send an email to the parent email address stored in the database with:
Subject line: Tonight's adventure for [child name] is ready! ✦
Email body:
Hi there,
[child name]'s personalized bedtime adventure is ready to watch!
Tonight [child name] goes on an incredible [theme] adventure. Hit play and watch the magic happen.
[VIDEO LINK OR ATTACHMENT]
Sweet dreams,
The DreamStick Adventures Team
✦ Where every child is the hero of their own story
dreamstickadventures.com
If the video file is under 10MB attach it directly to the email. If over 10MB include a link to stream it from the server.
TASK 4 — Set up the nightly video scheduler
Create an automated scheduler that runs every night at 7pm Mountain Time and:

Queries the database for all active subscribers
For each subscriber generates a personalized story using the Claude API
Renders the complete video with character clips and background clips
Adds ElevenLabs narration
Sends the finished video to the parent via SendGrid
Marks the video as sent in the database with a timestamp
Logs any errors without crashing the entire batch — if one video fails continue processing the others

TASK 5 — Build the free sample video page
Create a new page at /free that has:
Headline: Get your child's FREE personalized bedtime cartoon in the next 5 minutes
Simple form with these fields:

Child's name
Boy or Girl
Favorite adventure theme — all 8 options as clickable tags
Parent email address

Button text: Create My Child's FREE Video ✦
Below button small text: Video delivered to your inbox within 5 minutes. No credit card. No obligation. Just magic.
When submitted:

Check if this email has already claimed a free video — if yes show a friendly message saying their free video was already sent and invite them to subscribe
If new email — generate a real personalized video using the full pipeline
Email it to the parent within 5 minutes
Save the email to the database with status of free-sample
Show a confirmation screen saying: Your child's adventure is being created! Check your inbox in the next few minutes. While you wait — save their spot for nightly adventures at dreamstickadventures.com

Limit one free video per email address to prevent abuse.
TASK 6 — Run a complete end to end test
After completing all tasks above run a complete end to end test:

Submit a test character through the free sample page using the name Kevin age 7 boy space theme dragon sidekick
Confirm the story generates via Claude API
Confirm the video renders with the correct background and character clips
Confirm ElevenLabs narration is added
Confirm the email sends to the test email address
Report any errors at each step
Report the final video URL or attachment so I can watch and verify the complete product

Please complete all tasks in order and report status after each one.